there's Rising anger in the occupied
West Bank a general strike is being
observed in protest of Israel's war on
Gaza Imran Khan has more from
romala let me just show you around where
I am this is the center of rala on a
weekday it should be packed it should
have several shops open nothing is open
the strike is actually holding uh it
involves government buildings uh
Banks cafes restaurants shops as you can
see now why did this strike come about
it was called uh very early in the night
uh very late rather in the night after
people saw the pictures from jalabia
they were so angry uh that the
Palestinian uh Authority um wasn't doing
enough that the anger was actually
frustrated frustrated at them there were
protests in Manara square and then
suddenly the people called for a strike
and and it's holding but not just here
Sammy across the occupied West Bank as
well and Imran it's not only Janine
that's been on the receiving end of that
right that's absolutely right the new
strategy coming to place after October
7th seems to be from the Israeli Army to
raid multiple locations multiple times
it used to be that there would be one
raid and the the Israeli Army would be
focused on that now it's raids across
the occupied West Bank Dam uh was the
other location that was raided uh a
number Israelis went into the town they
started to fight their way in uh one
Palestinian man was killed in that
attack uh a 65 year-old man who actually
had mental health issues and was just
out on the street in total four
Palestinians were killed including three
in Janine that my colleague Charles was
talking about earlier but it's the
arrest figures that keep going up almost
by the hour we now hearing at least 50
people across the occupied West Bank
have now been arrested in the last 24
hours
that puts the full figure of
Palestinians in Israeli jails right now
to something like
6,700 now 1,800 of those have been
arrested since October the 7th and also
1,800 of the 6,600 that I told you about
earlier have been held without charge
they're simply under administrative
detention